Larry has been a great addition to the risk team. He combines his strong technical and quantitative skills with an eagerness to contribute to team goals and has made a meaningful impact to the success of the team.

Larry is technically very strong, he is highly self-motivated in using technology to automate and enhance risk analytics.  Larry has come up with many innovative ideas to visualize data and automate analytical process on his own initiative.  He worked diligently to develop extensive sets of tools to monitor investment risks and communicate risk insights.  He has pushed using new technology like python “dash” to create very useful risk tools that can be leveraged across the firm.

Larry has a positive attitude and is very collaborative.  He is a team player and is well received by his peers.  Larry consistently shares his technical expertise with his peers and they help one another on projects.  In the area of using technology to improve investment analytics and processes, he has become a sought-after resource among his peers.

Larry has demonstrated strong quantitative knowledge in risk analytics.  He is able to reconstruct complex mathematical calculations and help portfolio managers understand advanced risk metrics.



Larry combines strong technical and quantitative skills with a positive attitude and an eagerness to contribute to team goals.



The goal for Larry next year is to develop into a well-rounded risk analyst.  Larry will be tasked with the responsibility of day-to-day risk monitoring, including independently reviewing risk reports and providing periodic updates to his manager and others.

Larry will also be tasked with risk analysis and research.  He will need to further develop analytical skills, knowledge of financial markets and familiarity with risk systems.

Attention to detail, self organization and sense of ownership will be important elements in his next stage of development.  I also hope Larry can continue the initiative and innovation he demonstrated this year to accomplish the objectives next year.








